what's up guys ain't black ops amazing
to welcome to the GTA 5 video on my
channel so in this view i'm gonna be
showing you an awesome brand new bike
jump glitch in GTA 5 do you want to
enjoy the video guys please make sure
you do leave a like rating by the end it
is just really appreciated into state
just a second also if you want to see
some more awesome GTA 5 videos on my
channel make sure you hit the subscribe
button on screen now openly the video
guys be sure to follow me on Twitter the
links are all down in the description
and and joy so the first thing you need
to do is come over to this location in
Los Santos you need to actually have the
scorcher bike so it's the mountain bike
in GTA 5 you can buy it off the bag
website it costs two thousand dollars
would you have that bike like I said
come over to this location and you will
see this barrier here and it's simple
you can do this on your own you don't
need anyone else to help you out all you
need to do is crouched near the barrier
and then when you are close enough all
you need to do is just jump in the air
and you should launch straight into the
air now this doesn't always work
sometimes you glitch out and go
somewhere else sometimes you go partway
in the air but you can go super super
high with this this is the best glitch
it's super awesome fun I do recommend
you actually have a parachute for when
you are fooling because you can actually
go that high unfortunately when I was
recording it don't show me going as high
as I've been before you can go way above
the clouds it's absolutely amazing what
you see me going up to now is nowhere
near as high as you can actually get it
super awesome so like I said all you
need to do cool to this location in Los
Santos on this scorcher mounting bag all
you need to do is basically crouch or
bunny hop just when you're really close
to this barrier and it should launch you
up in the air it depends it varies on
how much you actually go into the air
sometimes it doesn't work just need to
keep going at it is super fun to do just
keep doing it so thank you very much
watching guys if you enjoyed the video
is just an awesome thing to try it for
yourself i do recommend it's it's it's
really really cool honestly so leave a
like rating if you did and julie guys
the only takes just a second if you want
to see some more awesome videos on my
channel make sure you hit the subscribe
button on screen now all the video guys
please go and check out Dylan or vamps i
will leave the link to his channel down
in the description is an absolutely all
some guy he's got some amazing videos on
there so go ahead and subscribe to him
the link to his child will be on screen
now and in the description thank you
very much watching guys be sure to
follow me on Twitter as well and until
next time peace out